well they have done it again they've
qualified for the finals I'm joined
right now by bio frost bio frost all the
other members of your team are doing
features right now so it's just you and
me because you were the only one
available so here we are I know I was at
least wanted out of the other for it
that's why I'm here it's okay it's okay
you know like that's that's just how it
goes sometimes you know neither of us
wants you to be here no I'm just kidding
if I keep if I keep making these jokes
the YouTube comments will all flame me
for being so rude now let's talk a
little bit about the match today first
off those first two games super
one-sided it felt like you know and I
thought that dig was gonna put up a
bigger fight they did later on but you
know what were your kind of how are the
games compared to your expectations I
think for a lot of the games if you win
- oh like really decisively usually ends
up like reverse sweep being in a very
like option where I think a lot of the
games where we go to Oh in the beginning
we're like okay we need to play safe and
we need to make sure that we don't get
river swept here because that's honestly
what we're thinking about but if you
think about it too much then you'll
actually get river swept and I think in
the fourth game we were really close so
it was actually gonna be a possibility
if we had lost that game and went to
Game five yeah that would have been
scary for you guys for sure yeah what do
you think I do you think of this because
there are so many times so I I watch at
home on these best-of-five days because
I live right near the LCS studio and I
just come over because I'd rather watch
from my bed than from the press room and
there's this interesting thing that
happens where every time I come here for
the 3rd game the team loses the third
game you know instead of just making
this a three oh I guess yesterday being
the exception but what do you why do you
think it is that that type of thing
happens uh well other than the part that
it's probably cursed by you because
you're coming but more importantly I
think it's because at least for the
losing team like in this kiss dig they
have like nothing to lose really well
actually they do but everything to lose
everything to lose but it's like they're
kind of inspiration yeah their last
stand you know this is gonna be it if
you don't pull out everything that you
got right now then that's it and for us
we're kind of like okay let's just try
to not too
you know give them a lead and we're
gonna be playing more safe so sometimes
that could be bad for us because we're
change our mindset from the first two
games and a lot of times if you win the
first two games really handily then you
might become overconfident and have a
game where you're not playing To Your
Strengths a lot of people just walking
by right now undressed or in some sort
of strange state now I so I I think
that's a fair answer and and
transitioning to the finals I also want
to ask you you know we are about to see
the greatest rivalry and League of
Legends eSports spark in Boston you'll
be there mark Z will be there all right
this is the hottest rivalry in na LCS
right now this guy has called you up
here champ pool he then called you up
for your polite response to him calling
you out for your champ poll and now on
stage you'll have a chance to prove them
wrong are you excited for this at this
point I think it's kind of funny yeah of
course I'm excited and there's a reason
why mark thinks to my temple is not as
good as other supports and I will just
try to show my best in finals and show
that I do have a deep trample where I
can play a lot of different champions
for a variety of situations you said
last time that we interviewed that you
were in pull-up cheese for playoffs I
didn't really get to pull it out this
game because it wasn't really a
situation that called for it and I said
it wasn't gonna necessarily be my cheese
bake it could be any of other four so
who knows Boston might have some cheese
I mean there's definitely gonna be
cheese in Boston that's great that's
great why is it from you guys or
immortals are both moral seems like a
pretty cheesy team as well so who knows
I mean are you worried at all about
these guys cuz they are kind of on like
that upswing yeah mortals has looked
really good and they 300g which has been
a team that I guess for the past couple
of splits they haven't been doing too
well but they've always been a team that
you expect them to do better in playoffs
and immortals they haven't reached
finals ever and this is gonna be their
first time usually they fall short in
semis and now they finally reached
and they'll be really cool to see I
guess I'm not sure if they're locked in
for worlds but oh they lock you guys
lock them in oh we locked them in okay
yeah it'll be really cool to see a new
organization go in a world slug immortal
and I think they're really good very
good now last year it was Lester in
Toronto that was your first Finals right
I'm not crazy uh yeah my first Finals in
Toronto so now you'll be going back to
the East Coast to show that you still
got it or show if you still got it this
could be potentially your third finals
and your third win depending on if you
can beat out immortals is that exciting
to you or is this just become pass
you're like yeah whatever a three people
would be really cool I don't think a lot
of people can say that they've gotten a
championship three times in a row I
don't think it's ever been done in LA
and I yes and that would mean a lot and
every time you went on the big stage
it's a moment that you don't usually
forget and it's like every time we win
on the base stage is like in Toronto and
Vancouver they're like very life
defining moments for me yeah very very
cool now are you are you already looking
towards worlds because there's this
interesting thing that happens here
where look obviously there is prestige
in winning first place and you get some
extra cash but because of your
performance at MSI we definitely don't
get we don't get an extra seed at Worlds
so it doesn't really matter from a
worlds perspective if you win this so
does that change the dynamics for you at
all on Boston I don't think so I think
in the legacy of TSM we always want to
strive for first and it does send a
message of course it kind of sucks that
we won't be getting it won't really
matter if we get first or second in
terms of world seating and hopefully
that doesn't bite us back in the but
when we do end up going to Worlds but
yeah we're gonna be striving for first
there's an ant here that I'm just gonna
yeah I got it okay good we're good we
have a lot of add to the TSM house
probably attracted to us you guys should
get a like ant spot anti and sponsorship
yeah you should do that I was hoping to
stall this interview just long enough
for mark to walk down this way cuz he
comes out around this perfect but he's
not it's not already left
okay well I may be the fan signing took
too long but no I
okay we're getting attacked by the ants
this has got a wrap up is there anything
you want to say to any of the TSM fans
out there cheer for us in Boston and
hopefully we take first for you guys
very good well thank you so much and
congratulations on the win today and
congratulations on making it to Boston
looking forward to seeing how you guys
do with there as well for everyone else
you can check out the rest of our
coverage of all things
LCS including the finals next week here
on my youtube channel okay here we go I
want to introduce you to my cameraman
Brodin come over here come over here so
for the most part since I ended my Yahoo
eSports career oh you need to get over
okay cool so and then you need to crouch
yeah okay yeah
is this better now we're out of focus
right we're out of focus okay well
either way since I ended my career at
Yahoo Brodin for the most part a couple
other people have helped out but Browns
been doing this virtually for free at
the LCS so if you'd like to help support
some of that money will eventually maybe
kind of make its way over to Broden you
can do so over at Travis CARICOM slash
support what do you have to say for
yourself written virtually nothing makes
it into these pockets but you could
change that
Travis govorkov slash support